N28: Idu (#874)
rust-gamedev/rust-gamedev.github.io: content/news/028/index.md

[hgs_trailer]: https://youtu.be/CfmCLr19Hbs
[hgs_twitch]: https://www.twitch.tv/kunosstefano

### Idu

![idu's new sprinkler in action](idu.gif)

Idu ([Discord][idu-discord]) by [@logicsoup] and [@epcc10]
is an upcoming game centered around growing realistic plants.

In November, a new major update was released that overhauled the automatic watering
system. In addition, an automatic stair builder and a grass cutting tool was added 
to reduce the tediousness of these common tasks.

A free playable alpha demo is available

> at [Idu's Discord server's #demo-download channel][idu-discord]!

Reviewer: This is a bit easier to read I think

```suggestion
at the [#demo-download channel in Idu's Discord server][idu-discord]!
```
